docs: hostname validation (#1826)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge-configuration/installer-reference.md

| --- | --- |
| `paletteEndpoint` | The URL endpoint that points to Palette. Example: `api.spectrocloud.com` | 
| `edgeHostToken` | A token created at the tenant scope that is required for auto registration. |
| `projectUid` | The id of the project the Edge host will belong to. |
| `projectUid` | The ID of the project the Edge host will belong to. |
| `projectName` | The name of the project. 

> | `name` | If you do not specify an Edge hostname, the system will generate one from the serial number of the device. If Stylus is unable to identify the serial number, it will generate a random ID instead. In cases where the hardware does not have a serial number, we suggest that you specify a value so there is minimal chance of duplication. Use the value `"$random"` to generate a random ID. You can also use the `DeviceUIDPaths` to read in a value from a system file.  |

Reviewer: @lennessyy the last two sentences inform the user of two additional behaviors, random, and DeviceUIDPaths. Are these two features no longer available?

Author: i moved this down into an info box because this is getting way too long a block of text and no longer readable. I also cannot seem to have two paragraphs in a single table cell.

| `registrationURL` | The URL that operators should use to register the Edge host with Palette. | 
| `insecureSkipVerify` | This controls whether or not a client verifies the server's certificate chain and hostname. | 
| `caCerts` | The Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate authority (CA) certificates.| 
| `clusterId` | The ID of the host cluster the edge host belongs to. | 
| `clusterName` | The name of the host cluster the edge host belongs to. |
| `tags` | A parameter object you use to provide optional key-value pairs. Refer to the [Tags](#tags) section to learn more. | 
| `tagsFromFile` | Specify tags from a file. Refer to the [Tags](#tags) section to learn more. | 
| `tagsFromScript` | Use a script to generate the tags. Refer to the [Tags](#tags) section to learn more. |  
| `deviceUIDPaths` | Specify the file path for reading in product or board serial that can be used to set the device ID. The default file path is **/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid**. Refer to the [Device ID (UID) Parameters](#device-id-uid-parameters) section to learn more.|

:::info

> If you do not specify an hostname for the edge device, the system will generate one from the serial number of the device. If Stylus is unable to identify the serial number, it will generate a random ID instead. In cases where the hardware does not have a serial number, we suggest that you specify a value so there is minimal chance of duplication. Use the value `"$random"` to generate a random ID. You can also use the `DeviceUIDPaths` to read in a value from a system file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a hostname for the edge device, the system will generate one from the serial number of the device. If the Edge Installer cannot identify the serial number, it will generate a random ID instead. In cases where the hardware does not have a serial number, we suggest that you specify a value so there is minimal chance of duplication. Use the value `"$random"` to generate a random ID. You can also use the `DeviceUIDPaths` to read in a value from a system file. 
```
Stylus is an internal name, and we don't want to expose it externally. Although we do a poor job of it, but that's the guidance from the product team and marketing. Use edge installer instead.
